WinZip(R) version 5.0
Copyright (C) 1991-1993 Nico Mak Computing, Inc.
All Rights Reserved

For ordering information, see the file ORDER.TXT.

License Agreement

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions
before using this software.

Shareware Version

You are hereby licensed to:  use the Shareware Version of the
software for a 21 day evaluation period; make as many copies of
the Shareware version of this software and documentation as you
wish; give exact copies of the original Shareware version to
anyone; and distribute the Shareware version of the software and
documentation in its unmodified form via electronic means.  There
is no charge for any of the above.

You are specifically prohibited from charging, or requesting
donations, for any such copies, however made; and from
distributing the software and/or documentation with other products
(commercial or otherwise) without prior written permission, with
one exception:  Disk Vendors approved by the Association of
Shareware Professionals are permitted to redistribute WinZip,
subject to the conditions in this license, without specific
written permission.

Unregistered use of WinZip after the 21-day evaluation period is
in violation of federal copyright laws.

Evaluation and Registration

This is not free software.  This license allows you to use this
software for evaluation purposes without charge for a period of 21
days.  If you use this software after the 21 day evaluation period
a registration fee of $29 is required.  Payments must be in US
dollars drawn on a US bank, and should be sent to Nico Mak, P.O.
Box 919, Bristol, CT 06011- 0919.  Credit card ordering and
quantity discounts are available, as described in the section
Ordering Information/Order Form.  When payment is received you
will be sent a registered copy of the latest version of WinZip.

One registered copy of WinZip may either be used by a single
person who uses the software personally on one or more computers,
or installed on a single workstation used nonsimultaneously by
multiple people, but not both.

You may access the registered version of WinZip through a network,
provided that you have obtained individual licenses for the
software covering all workstations that will access the software
through the network.

Governing Law

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Connecticut.

Disclaimer of Warranty

THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD "AS IS" AND
WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY
OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.  In particular,
there is no warranty for the optional virus scanning feature
(WinZip does not scan for viruses, it simply runs external
programs that claim to perform this function).  Because of the
various hardware and software environments into which WinZip may
be put, NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE IS
OFFERED.

Good data processing procedure dictates that any program be
thoroughly tested with non-critical data before relying on it.
The user must assume the entire risk of using the program.  ANY
LIABILITY OF THE SELLER WILL BE LIMITED EXCLUSIVELY TO PRODUCT
REPLACEMENT OR REFUND OF PURCHASE PRICE.
